User Stories for Sprint 3:
1. Login Procedure for Administrative Level Account
2. Favorites
3. Personal Information Settings
4. Search for Broker
5. Submit an offer to buy a property
6. Offers management (view, accept, reject)

Task Breakdown for each User Stories:
1. Login Procedure for Administrative Level Account

    Issue #28: Task - Implementation of the System Administrator
    Issue #31: Task - Implementation of the System Administrator Log-In User Interface
    Issue #32: Task - Implementation of the System Administrator Security Questions

    Current Status: Done

2. Favorites
    Issue #103: Task - Implementation of a Favorites Section for Clients
    Issue #116: Task - Implementation of an "Add to Favorites" Feature for Clients

    Current Status: Half done, need to create mongo database to contain the properties marked as favorites.

3. Personal Information Settings
    Issue #104: Task - Implementation of a Form to Change Client's Personal Information
    Issue #107: Task - Implementation of a Form to Change Broker's Personal Information
    Issue #108: Task - Implementation of a Form to Change Administrator's Personal Information

    Current Status: Pending

4. Search for Broker
    Issue #101: Task - Implementation of a Button for "Search for Broker"
    Issue #102: Task - Implementation of a Search Bar for Broker
    Issue #105: Task - Implementation of predefined specifications for Broker Search

    Current Status: Pending

5. Submit an offer to buy a property
    Issue #106: Task - Implementation of a Button for "Create Offer"
    Issue #109: Task - Implementation of an Offer Forum

    Current Status: Pending

6. Offers management (view, accept, reject)
    Issue #110: Task - Implementation of a Button for "View Offers"
    Issue #111: Task - Implementation of the User Interface Viewing the Offers
    Issue #112: Task - Implementation of a Button to Reject and Accept an Offer

    Current Status: Pending



 for4 =
 -display all brokers
 - get all brokers from database

 for 5=
 - create front end ( button to submit(how much you offer) and tab offer for broker)
 - create back end (  put in database)

 for6=
- creat front end (link to the offer page and make UI)
-create backend ( retrive from database)
