1- specific login for admin (WE ALREADY HAVE ISSUE ABOUT SO DELETE ISSUE OR WE IMPLEMENT NEXT SPRINT)
2- session after loging
3- admin, broker, user edit their own info (name, username, password)
[4] - Search for Broker

User Story Description:
As a client , I should be able to search and acquire a broker for my transactions. 
There should be a search bar and predefined specifications to facilitate in the process of searching for a broker. 
Predefined specifications are the following; the number of years of experience, skills, education level and more.   

User Acceptance Flow:
The client should be able to search for the broker by clicking on “Search for Broker” a search bar will appear and predefined specifications. 
The predefined specifications are the number of years of experience, skills, education level, % of transaction value, achievements and languages.

Acceptance Criteria:
1.Given that the client is logged in and on the home page.
2.When the client clicks on “Search for brokers”.
3.Then the client is redirected to a page to search for a broker. 
A list of predefined specifications and search bar appear, the client can select the options and type on the search bar for the ideal broker. 
Click the “search icon” to search for the Brokers.


[5] -  Submit an offer to buy a property

User Story Description:
As a broker, I should be able to submit an offer to acquire a property. 
This includes a proposed sum , financial contingencies and the closing date of this offer. 
Each offer should be reviewed by a broker.

User Acceptance Flow:

The broker should be able to click on the button called “Create Offer” which allows the broker to create an offer. 
The offer should consist of the proposed sum, the financial contingencies and the closing date of this offer. 
In addition, the broker should review the offer and see if the offer is filled out properly and verify the contingencies with the user of the listing. 

Acceptance Criteria:
1.Given that the client is logged in and is viewing the property listing.
2.When the client clicks on “Create Offer”.
3.Then the client is redirected to a page to fill out the offer. 
After completing the offer, the broker can click the “Submit Offer” and the offer is submitted to the broker and user of that listing.


[6] - Offers management (view, accept, reject)

User Story Description: 
As a broker, I should be able to manage offers from the property. 
In contrast, this includes viewing, accepting and rejecting the offer. 
To view the offer, the broker can click on the button that says “View Offers” it will create a page containing all the offers 
where there will be an interactive button to either accept or reject the offer from the client.

User Acceptance Flow:

The broker should be able to view the offers from other clients by clicking on the button called “View Offers” .
Thus, it should redirect the broker to another page where he can view the offers and make his decision whether or not to accept the offer.

Acceptance Criteria:

1.Given that the broker is logged in and is viewing his property listing.
2.When broker clicks on “View Offers”
3.Then broker is redirected to a page where it can see all the offers from the clients and the broker can either accept or reject the offer.


