User Stories for Sprint 4:

[1] - Mortgage Calculator
User Story Description:
As a client, I should be able to use the mortgage calculator tool to calculate my monthly mortgage payment.
There should be a "Mortgage Calculator" tab available in the menu bar to the client, which will re-direct the client
to the Mortgage Calculator Tool page on-click.

User Acceptance Flow:
By clicking on the "Mortgage Calculator" tab from the menu bar, the client is redirected to the Mortgage Payment Calculator
page. The Mortgage Calculator should calculate the monthly payment based on the mortgage amount, the amortization period,
the payment frequency, the interest rate, and the interest term.

(For more information, look at the Advanced Mortgage Payment Calculator provided by RBC:
https://apps.royalbank.com/apps/mortgages/mortgage-payment-calculator/)

Acceptance Criteria:
1. Given that the client is logged in and on the home page.
2. When the client clicks on the "Mortgage Calculator" tab from the menu bar.
3. The client is redirected to the Mortgage Calculator page.
4. The client inputs the mortgage amount and chooses the amortization period, the payment frequency, the interest rate, and the interest term.
5. The client clicks on the "Calculate" button.
6. The Monthly Mortgage Payment is displayed to the client.


[2] - CRUD Operations for Administrator
User Story Description:
As a administrator, I should be able to do CRUD operations made specifically for Admin users (on top of the CRUD operations for brokers) to:
1. Create a new admin or broker account.
2. Read the current list of admin and broker accounts with their personal information.
3. Update administrator and broker information (permission, personal information).
4. Delete inactive administrator and broker accounts.

User Acceptance Flow:
By clicking on the "CRUD Admin" button in the menu bar, the admin user is redirected to another web page that will allow the current admin
to use CRUD operations to manage staff members' account (both admin and broker accounts).

Acceptance Criteria:
1. Given that the administrator is logged in and on the home page.
2. WHen the administrator clicks on the "CRUD Admin" button from the menu bar.
3. The administrator is redirected to the CRUD Admin Operation page with the current list of administrator and broker users.
4. The administrator clicks on "Add Member" which opens a form to create a new account for an administrator user or a broker.
5. The administrator clicks on "Edit Member" which opens a form specific to a member (admin/broker) to change their information and permissions.
6. The administrator clicks on "Remove Member" which deletes the account of an inactive administrator or inactive broker.
